Created items package, added Super Mushroom class and Power Star class inside the package, both extending from Item abstract class
in the engine

Since Super Mushroom and Power Star are both consumable items, I will add a ‘Consumable’ interface 
for consumable items so that OCP is followed if any future consumable items are added. 
Both Super Mushroom and Power Star will implement this interface.

Created actions package and added a ConsumeAction class to handle the action of consuming the consumable items, 
extends the Action class from engine. Has association with Actor and Consumable because both need to be kept track of
to complete the action.
Justification for 0..* multiplicity between Actor and ConsumeAction because there can be multiple items in the actor's
inventory that may be consumed

Added dependency between Consumable and Actor

Documenting important dependency between Consumable and Actor:
I will add a consumedBy(Actor player) method to the Consumable interface that generates the effects of consuming a consumable item 
(e.g. consuming Super Mushroom grants 50 max hp and TALL status, then the item is removed from inventory, but access to the
player is required accomplish this)

So far, this diagram follows all the principles. Consumables are easily extendable and existing code do not need to be modified even if
a new consumable has new effects of consumption (OCP). 
ConsumeAction depends on the Consumable interface rather than low levels like the items themselves (DIP).
ConsumeAction takes the role of consuming the item, the items themselves take care of their own effects of consumption (SRP)
LSP and ISP are clearly not violated here

Added dependency between High Ground and Status because canActorEnter should return true if player has the 
GLOWING Status (from consuming Super Star)
and also because High Ground should convert to Dirt IF actor is standing on that location. (can be implemented by overriding Tick method)

Added Coin class in items package and made it extend from Item abstract class in engine
High Ground has dependency with Coin because tick method should add a Coin to the location of the (former) high ground if a GLOWING 
player stands on it

Added dependency between AttackAction and Status because of the GLOWING status check when attacking or receiving damage

Made Super Mushroom and Power Star extend from BuyableItem which extends from Item. Read REQ5 for more information










